# Introduction to Agile Philosophy: Practice Quiz

1. Select the correct statement regarding the Agile approach:
    - The Agile planning method is command and control.
    - Agile is intended only for software development.
    - Agile development follows a consistent plan that is set at the start of the project.
    - Any project can be managed in an Agile fashion.
    ```
    Answer: Any project can be managed in an Agile fashion.
    Explanation: Agile is not limited to software development.
    ```

2. The Waterfall approach relies on phases such as _____.
    - Pair negotiations, unit testing, and simplicity
    - Designing, coding, and testing
    - Analyzing problems, clarifying processes, and implementing changes
    - Visualization, work in progress, and tracking flow
    ```
    Answer: Designing, coding, and testing
    Explanation: Waterfall relies on traditional phases such as designing, coding, and testing.
    ```

3. Which answer describes a core principle of Kanban?
    - Taking personal responsibility for removing blockers.
    - Courage to speak realistically.
    - Complete design and coding before testing.
    - Visualization of work.
    ```
    Answer: Visualization of work.
    Explanation: Kanban uses a billboard concept to visualize work.
    ```

4. Which answer best describes behavior driven development?
    - Behavior of a system from the inside out
    - Uses a list of features that customers want
    - Writing the test cases for the code you wish you had
    - Thinking about the user interface and experience
    ```
    Answer: Thinking about the user interface and experience
    Explanation: Behavior driven development emphasizes thinking about the user interface and experience, or behavior of the system from the outside in.
    ```

5. Which statement best describes minimum viable product (MVP)?
    - A product that is developed by focusing on system behavior from the user experience perspective.
    - Code that is just enough to make the product pass testing.
    - The cheapest and easiest thing you can build to test your hypothesis.
    - The result of “Phase 1” of a product development schedule.
    ```
    Answer: The cheapest and easiest thing you can build to test your hypothesis.
    Explanation: Minimum viable product emphasizes working in small batches, so you have a product to test earlier in the process instead of waiting until you have finished the process and then testing.
    ```

6. Suppose someone gave you 20 quarts of fresh strawberries and you decide to make jam. Which of these describes a small batch process?
    - Mash all the berries. Cook them one pot at a time and seal them in jars.
    - Freeze the berries in batches to cook later.
    - Mash two quarts of berries. Cook the jam, taste it, and seal it in 4 jars. Repeat this process 10 times.
    - All of the above
    ```
    Answer: Mash two quarts of berries. Cook the jam, taste it, and seal it in 4 jars. Repeat this process 10 times.
    Explanation: With a small batch process, you complete a small amount and test it, then produce more.
    ```