# Organizing for Success: Practice Quiz

1. Select the correct statement regarding Dev Ops and Agile team alignment.
    - One of the goals of Dev Ops is to accelerate time to market.
    - One of the goals of Agile is to deliver software faster.
    - Dev Ops and Agile have closely aligned goals.
    - All of the above statements are correct.
    ```
    Answer: All of the above statements are correct.
    Explanation: Dev Ops and Agile both have goals of accelerated time to market and delivering software faster.
    ```

2. Giving teams autonomy leads to motivated teams who can _____.
    - create more and more operational stability
    - build better systems
    - execute more methodically
    - create quick handoffs to other teams
    ```
    Answer: build better systems
    Explanation: Giving teams autonomy is motivating; decisions happen locally, and teams do not get bogged down by handoffs.
    ```

3. Select the correct statement regarding Scrum.
    - Scrum has sprints and existing roles such as scrum master.
    - Scrum emphasizes that the product or increment is never done. There is always improvement. 
    - Scrum emphasizes continuous change. 
    - Scrum uses cycle time as the key metric.
    ```
    Answer: Scrum has sprints and existing roles such as scrum master.
    Explanation: Scrum has sprints of about 2 weeks duration and existing roles such as scrum master and product owner.
    ```

4. Choose the answer that best describes Agile.
    - Iterative development with feedback incorporated along the way
    - Continuing to iterate on a plan and integrating and deploying once at the end of the project
    - A type of project management, led by a project manager
    - A team of software developers working in sprints
    ```
    Answer: Iterative development with feedback incorporated along the way
    Explanation: Agile is doing iterative development while being responsive to change and delivering value often.
    ```

5. Select the correct statement regarding Agile.
    - Agile is about developers working closely with a project manager.
    - Agile is essentially waterfall with more requirements.
    - Agile is being responsive to change and delivering value.
    - Agile is about taking plenty of time to do upfront planning.
    ```
    Answer: Agile is being responsive to change and delivering value.
    Explanation: Agile is being adaptive, flexible, and delivering value, rather than following the structure of waterfall. 
    ```