# Planning to be Agile: Practice Quiz

1. Select the most accurate statement regarding Agile iterative planning.
    - With Agile iterative planning, you don’t plan everything up-front.
    - With Agile iterative planning, you adjust the plan as you move along through a project and gain more knowledge.
    - Your estimates are more accurate if you plan as you go instead of planning everything up-front. 
    - All of the above.
    ```
    Answer: All of the above.
    Explanation: Agile development is evolutionary; it may change direction throughout a project.
    ```

2. Select the correct statement regarding the role of a traditional product manager.
    - A product manager is a coach that keeps the team focused and eliminates impediments.
    - A product manager is a conduit between stakeholders and the team rather than managing the team.
    - A product manager leads the team in a series of experiments.
    - A product manager is usually a businessperson rather than a visionary.
    ```
    Answer: A product manager is usually a businessperson rather than a visionary.
    Explanation: A traditional product manager is a businessperson who manages the budget.
    ```
    
3. What is a key difference between the role of traditional project manager and the role of scrum master?
    - A project manager is a task master, while the scrum master is a coach.
    - A project manager mentors the team, while the scrum master focuses on operations.
    - A project manager is a facilitator, while the scrum master focuses on business and budget.
    - A project manager focuses on coaching, while a scrum master focuses on the plan.
    ```
    Answer: A project manager is a task master, while the scrum master is a coach.
    Explanation: A project manager ensures that everyone follows the plan.
    ```
    
4. What is a kanban board?
    - A method for tracking planned items and showing progress as items are moved across the board.
    - A kanban board is made up of multiple project management tools.
    - Colored sticky notes, placed on a board to show patterns in software bugs
    - A parking lot for issues to be dealt with later
    ```
    Answer: A method for tracking planned items and showing progress as items are moved across the board.
    Explanation: A kanban board is a way of tracking planned items that need to be done, items in progress, and items completed.
    ```
    
5. What happens to stories put in the icebox on a kanban board?
    - They remain in the icebox, like an archived item.
    - They are items that will not go to the backlog.
    - They eventually may be moved to the product backlog.
    - They are rejected.
    ```
    Answer: They eventually may be moved to the product backlog.
    Explanation: Items are held in the icebox until you can get back to them.
    ```