# Agile Planning: Graded Quiz

1. Select the key problem with having a traditional product manager who becomes a product owner. 
    - The product owner must be able to focus on vision over operations. 
    - The product owner must stay focused on the stakeholders rather than the team. 
    - The product owner must be able to focus on business requirements over technical goals. 
    - The product owner must stay focused on the budget. 
    ```
    Answer: The product owner must be able to focus on vision over operations.
    Explanation: The product owner focuses on vision. A product manager focuses on operations. 
    ```

2. Select the correct statement regarding the scrum master. 
    - The scrum master keeps the team marching to a fixed plan. 
    - The scrum master is a coach rather than a task master. 
    - The scrum master documents impediments as project risks. 
    - The scrum master is a role based on the waterfall approach. 
    ```
    Answer: The scrum master is a coach rather than a task master. 
    Explanation: The scrum master coaches a self-managing team. 
    ```

3. Select the correct statement regarding kanban pipelines. 
    - The first pipeline on a kanban board is product backlog. 
    - A kanban board is made of multiple pipelines. 
    - The sprint backlog is followed by the icebox. 
    - The new issues pipeline is for storing items you will do in the next two weeks. 
    ```
    Answer: A kanban board is made of multiple pipelines. 
    Explanation: A kanban board is made up of columns, or pipelines, such as new issues, icebox, and sprint backlog, ending with the done column. 
    ```

4. What happens to sticky notes on a kanban board? 
    - They stay put until the story is finished. 
    - They are used as messages from one team member to another. 
    - They are removed as tasks are completed. 
    - They are moved across the board to show progress. 
    ```
    Answer: They are moved across the board to show progress. 
    Explanation: They are moved across the board to show progress. 
    ```

5. The parts of a user story are: As a _____, I need _____, so that _____. 
    - benefit, detail, outcome 
    - user, assumption, goal 
    - direction, idea, outcome 
    - role, function, benefit 
    ```
    Answer: role, function, benefit 
    Explanation: As a customer, I need some functionality, so that we will gain some business benefit. Review the Creating Good User Stories video.
    ```

6. INVEST says stories should be _____. 
    - independent 
    - visionary 
    - dependent 
    - short 
    ```
    Answer: independent
    Explanation: The I in INVEST stands for Independent. 
    ```

7. Select the correct statement regarding product backlog. 
    - The product backlog is ordered by importance. 
    - The product backlog is ordered by which stories follow the template. 
    - Epic stories are automatically put first in the product backlog. 
    - The stories at the bottom of the backlog are the most detailed. 
    ```
    Answer: The product backlog is ordered by importance. 
    Explanation: Correct. The product backlog is ordered in the importance and/or business value. 
    ```

8. Select the correct statement regarding backlog refinement. 
    - The team sorts the product backlog in order of importance. 
    - Large, vague items are split into smaller stories and clarified. 
    - The product owner provides estimates and technical information. 
    - The goal is to put most of the stories in the icebox or reject them. 
    ```
    Answer: Large, vague items are split into smaller stories and clarified. 
    Explanation: The goal is to make sure every item is sprint ready. 
    ```

9. Who has the key role at the backlog refinement meeting? 
    - The lead architect has the key role of technical assistance. 
    - The development team has the key role of refining the backlog. 
    - The scrum master has the key role of technical assistance. 
    - The product owner has the key role of refining the backlog
    ```
    Answer: The product owner has the key role of refining the backlog. 
    Explanation: The product owner refines the backlog. 
    ```

10. What is velocity in terms of sprint planning? 
    - The speed at which every team should be able to work. 
    - A measure of how quickly the team can plan a sprint. 
    - Each team has a measure of how quickly they work, for comparison. 
    - The number of story points a team can complete in a single sprint. 
    ```
    Answer: The number of story points a team can complete in a single sprint. 
    Explanation: Velocity is a unique measure for the team and the story points assigned for a sprint are unique to the team.
    ```