# Scenario 2 Quiz - Organizing DevOps

1. What could the company do differently to avoid having to spend time coordinating across teams?
    - Organize the teams around business domains instead of around technologies. 
    - Hire more people to process tickets in the system.
    - Have a Dev team, an Ops team, and a DevOps team.
    - Add a new “coordination team.”
    ```
    Answer: Organize the teams around business domains instead of around technologies.
    Explanation: Business domains have well-defined boundaries so that working within a domain does not require coordination across teams. 
    ```

2. What could have been done to avoid the missing schema change?
    - Use automated deployment. 
    - Prevent developers from making schema changes. 
    - Routinely check for any unapplied schema updates. 
    - Avoid bug fixes to the master branch. 
    ```
    Answer: Use automated deployment.
    Explanation: Embracing change and using automation with testing would have prevented this problem.
    ```

3. Should the development team have merged the development branch back into the master branch sooner?  
    - When the code was complete, it should have been merged into the master branch. 
    - Someone should have merged their own pull request instead.
    - The team was correct to have a long-lived branch for every issue. 
    - It would have been more effective to make a mono repo instead. 
    ```
    Answer: When the code was complete, it should have been merged into the master branch.
    Explanation: When the code meets the standards of the team, it should be merged back into the master branch, following good Continuous Integration practices.
    ```

4. What could the development team have done differently to avoid the merge conflicts at the end of the month? 
    - Use Continuous Integration to merge more frequently. 
    - Provide Roopa with training to resolve merge conflicts. 
    - The team could have spent time designing the system so there were no conflicts. 
    - Prevent code drift through better coordination across the team. 
    ```
    Answer: Use Continuous Integration to merge more frequently.
    Explanation: Working in small batches and committing regularly avoids code drift caused by too much time between merges.
    ```