# Working DevOps

1. How is DevOps different from Taylorism?
    - DevOps facilitates a culture of teaming and collaboration.
    - Taylorism is about building individually crafted products.
    - Taylorism is about pushing decisions down to the workers.
    - DevOps is about managers determining how work is to be done.
    ```
    Answer: DevOps facilitates a culture of teaming and collaboration.
    Explanation: DevOps is about teaming and collaboration while Taylorism is about factory line production.
    ```

2. Select the correct statement regarding software engineering in a DevOps environment.
    - When a project is complete, the members of the team move on to other projects.
    - Team members feel ownership for the work.
    - One process finishes before the next can begin.
    - The behavior of the system remains the same over time.
    ```
    Answer: Team members feel ownership for the work.
    Explanation: By sharing ownership, the team does their best work rather than passing problems on to others.
    ```

3. Instead of the project model, a better way to create software is to do it like _____.
    - Product development
    - Civil engineering
    - Waterfall
    - Building an office building
    ```
    Answer: Product development
    Explanation: Products have long lives and continue to be enhanced over time.
    ```

4. How does the operations team (Ops) typically view the development team (Dev)?
    - Making all or nothing changes
    - Making frequent changes and lacking back-out plans and testing
    - Using cut and paste from runbooks
    - Being furthest from the code and not understanding the code
    ```
    Answer: Making frequent changes and lacking back-out plans and testing
    Explanation: Ops views Dev as making changes instead of seeking stability and lacking ways to manage production problems.
    ```

5. Which of the following are required DevOps behaviors?
    - Building and maintaining hand-crafted, unique servers
    - Avoiding and preventing change and using alarms and escalations
    - Breaking down silos, shared ownership, and collaboration
    - Using manual fulfillment methods such as ticket queues
    ```
    Answer: Breaking down silos, shared ownership, and collaboration
    Explanation: DevOps requires Dev and Ops to work together.
    ```

6. What is ephemeral or transient infrastructure?
    - Infrastructure that is configured manually
    - Infrastructure that is built once and maintained
    - Infrastructure that is created when needed, used, and discarded
    - Infrastructure in a textual format
    ```
    Answer: Infrastructure that is created when needed, used, and discarded
    Explanation: Ephemeral or transient means lasting for a short time.
    ```

7. Select the correct statement regarding Continuous Integration.
    - Continuous Integration is building, testing, and integrating, which results in potentially deployable code.
    - Continuous Integration is integrating long lists of features, all at once.
    - Continuous Integration is working in long-lived development branches with developers adding to the development branch.
    - Continuous Integration is continuously deploying to production.
    ```
    Answer: Continuous Integration is building, testing, and integrating, which results in potentially deployable code.
    Explanation: Developers work in short-lived branches that are merged into the master.
    ```

8. Which of these is a benefit of Continuous Integration?
    - Being able to merge untested code into the master branch
    - Being able to write the test cases after you have built the interface
    - Being able to check in large batches (weeks of work) at one time
    - Being able to get faster reaction time to changes
    ```
    Answer: Being able to get faster reaction time to changes
    Explanation: You can move faster because all your tests are automated.
    ```

9. What is Continuous Delivery?
    - Building software so it can be released to production at any time
    - Building software by having people do repetitive tasks and using computers to solve problems
    - Building software without using cloud-based tools
    - Building software so it can be deployed into the actual production environment
    ```
    Answer: Building software so it can be released to production at any time
    Explanation: The master branch should always be ready to be deployed.
    ```

10. Which of the following are key principles of Continuous Delivery?
    - Building in quality, working in small batches, and using actionable measurements
    - Never roll back, one-size-fits-all deployment, and avoiding risk and changes
    - Using feature flags, blue-green deploys, and canary testing
    - Using automation to deploy to production and testing once it is integrated
    ```
    Answer: Building in quality, working in small batches, and using actionable measurements
    Explanation: Continuous improvement and shared responsibility are also key principles.
    ```